The Gaming Room wanted to create a game called Draw It or Lose It. Their game contains a library of images that will randomly be rendered to the users. The game lasts for four rounds, lasting one minute each, where images are steadily rendered at a rate of 30 seconds per image. The goal is for the team to guess the theme of the images. The game is already available on Android, but they now want to branch out to other platforms. They want to support players on iOS and desktop clients, such as Linux, Macs, and Windows. The application needs to be an HTML interface that can run within the browser. 

One of my responsibilities was creating a design document discussing their executive summary, requirements, design constraints, domain model, and an evaluation of all three major desktop operating systems and mobile devices regarding the server side, client side, and development tools requirements. Lastly, recommendations were made regarding the necessary system architectures. Overall, I feel that this design documentation was well detailed and well thought out, allowing myself and The Gaming Room to make well informed decisions. If I were to revise any section, it would be the development requirements, specifically the client side and development tools sections. I feel like these sections are lacking due to my having very little experience with web app development. 

For this project, I determined the needs of The Gaming Room by thoroughly analyzing all of the information that was provided to me. While some requirements were directly mentioned, others had to be interpreted using the provided context. Properly analyzing and understanding user needs during the design process is important for ensuring that you and the client are in agreeance with the requirements early in the development process. This helps to ensure that the code that will be written later meets the client’s needs and doesn’t need to be adjusted, saving time and money. 

The design document was very useful when developing the code since I was able to reference the document rather than having to continually reference the uninterpreted information that was provided to me. When creating the software for The Gaming Room I wrote the code in iterations, starting with implementing the base of the code, then moving on to more specific features. I also continually debugged the program to ensure that any errors made were caught early on, making them easier to catch. I would use these same strategies when creating any similar applications.  
